Smol: Added second strap design, rewrote into chapter, added contribution info. (#382)
SlimeVR/SlimeVR-Docs-Site: src/diy/smol-slimes/smol-slimes-community-straps.md

#### Elastic Band With Non-slip Webbing

<div class="embeddedVideo">

>     <img src="assets/straps/components/Depact Elastic Band With Non-slip Webbing.webp" loading="lazy" style="max-width: 300px;width:100%"/>

Reviewer: whats the need for removing the alt text and adding `width: 100%`?

Reviewer: i even think the Tracker Placement image should not be 100%, its big already without it

Author: I reverted, but already present `max-width: 300px;` limits the maximum size of image. It cannot get bigger than that. Addition of `width:100%` helps on mobile screens.

Author: This alt text is wrong. Not the first time. And takes time to make right.
At this point, I decided not to spend time on it until I see the need for it. 
If someone will see need in it and makes PR that corrects it across pages in own free time - it would be cool

| 5m of 30mm Elastic Band with Non-slip Silicone Webbing | Meetee 2/5/10Meters Elastic Band 20-50mm Non-slip Webbing For Belt Garment Wave Silicone Ribbon DIY Clothes Sewing Accessories   | EB312-Black-30mm, 5Meters | [Aliexpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005003917576160.html) |
| GoPro Chest Strap                                      | Chest Strap Mount Belt for Gopro Hero 9 8 7 6 5 4 Insta360 R X2 DJI OSMO Action Camera Harness for Go Pro SJCAM EKEN Accessories | Black                     | [Aliexpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005004792179605.html) |

### Depact V2 Smol Strap

_Design by Depact_

<img src="assets/straps/strap-community-builds/Depact V2 Strap.webp" loading="lazy" style="max-width: 300px;width:100%"/>

#### Summary

Same bare bone and modular approach as V1, but needs needle and thread on top. Buckle recommended to replace with good 3D printed one.

**👍 Pros:**
- So bare bone, that any part can be replaced if needed.
- A little sewing required, with big tolerance for error.
- Minimal tools needed. Scissors and needle.

**👎 Cons:**
- May not be as convenient as straps with hook and loop.

> #### Making Steps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Assembly Steps
```

1. Wrap band around tracker position.
2. Cut band slightly longer than needed to wrap around.

> 3. Put case and buckles on band.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Put the case and the buckles on the band.
```

4. Sew one end of the buckle to the band.
5. Now make loop keeper.

>    1. From the remaining band material, that was not used for straps cut one piece per strap.

Reviewer 2: Slightly unclear.

Author: Done

   <br/>

>    Each piece should be slightly shorter than the band’s width three times. This adds slight tightness to help fix the unsewn end of the strap.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Each piece should be slightly shorter than three times the band’s width. This adds slight tightness to help fix the unsewn end of the strap.
```

>    2. Wrap this piece around the strap snugly to secure strap and unsewn strap tail that goes from unsewn buckle. Wrapping it snugly helps secure strap tail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   2. Wrap this piece snugly around the strap to secure both the strap and the loose tail extending from the unsewn buckle.
```
I think the second sentence is slightly redundant.

>    3. Sew loop keeper avoiding to sew strap to it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   3. Sew the loop keeper, being careful not to sew it to the strap.
```

| GoPro Chest Strap                                      | Chest Strap Mount Belt for Gopro Hero 9 8 7 6 5 4 Insta360 R X2 DJI OSMO Action Camera Harness for Go Pro SJCAM EKEN Accessories | Black                     | [Aliexpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005004792179605.html) |
| Needle and thread                                      | Common in DIY and specialized shops                                                                                              |                           |                                                                     |

## Contributing

Want to share your own DIY strap design, tip, or resource?  
We welcome community contributions!

- **How to contribute:**  
  - Open a pull request on the [SlimeVR Docs GitHub repository](https://github.com/SlimeVR/SlimeVR-Docs-Site).
  - Or, suggest changes and share your ideas in the [SlimeVR Discord](https://discord.gg/slimevr) -> [Suggestions on strap improvements](https://discord.com/channels/817184208525983775/1202031023945416725) channel.

> Please include clear photos, a description, and any relevant links or files.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When contributing, please include clear photos, a description, and any relevant links or files.
```
